What’s the wildest thing you’ve ever done in the bedroom?

What physical trait in a partner attracts you the most?

Have you ever had a one-night stand?

Have you ever thought of someone else while kissing your partner?

What’s the sexiest thing anyone has ever said to you?

What’s your secret fantasy?

Have you ever been caught in the act?

What’s your most embarrassing dating story?

What’s the dirtiest text you’ve ever sent?

Have you ever gone skinny-dipping or streaking in public?

What’s your favorite type of lingerie?

What’s your wildest Tinder experience?

Have you ever tried roleplaying in the bedroom?

What’s your weirdest turn-on?

What’s the most daring place you’ve had sex?

What’s the cheesiest pickup line you’ve ever used?

Have you ever faked it in bed?

What’s your most memorable kiss?

What’s your go-to secret adult website?

Have you ever had a steamy dream about a friend's partner?

Have you ever had an awkward "safe word" moment?

What’s your take on sexting?

Have you ever had a workplace crush?

What’s your worst date ever?

What are your favorite ways to self-pleasure?

Have you ever walked in on someone else having sex?

Describe your ideal foreplay.

What’s the most explicit dream you’ve ever had?

Have you ever tried tantric intimacy?

Have you ever sent a nude to someone?

Have you ever had sex in a public place?

What was your most embarrassing sexual fail?

Would you rather it be too hot or too cold during sex?

What’s your favorite quickie scenario?

Have you ever had a crush on a friend’s parent?

What’s the funniest or most awkward sound you’ve made during sex?

Have you ever used food in bed?

What’s your favorite sex toy?

What’s your favorite fetish or kink?

Have you ever had a threesome?

What was your most awkward post-sex moment?

Have you ever been friends with benefits?

What’s your opinion on open relationships?

Have you ever had a crush on a teacher or professor?

Tell me a secret fantasy you’ve never told anyone.

Describe your most intense orgasm.

Have you ever been caught watching adult content?

Have you ever used handcuffs or other restraints?

What’s the most scandalous dare you’ve ever done?

Have you ever met up with a stranger from the internet?

Describe your last hookup in three words.

Have you ever had phone or video sex?

What’s your biggest sexual turn-off?

What do you find sexiest about me?

If we could try anything in bed, what would it be?

What’s your most taboo fantasy?

Have you ever had a secret online flirtation while in a relationship?

Tell me about a time you had sex just to please your partner when you weren't in the mood.

Have you ever had a crush on one of my friends?

What’s your favorite roleplay?

What’s your favorite way to turn me on?

Describe your wildest PDA moment.

What’s the craziest thing you’d do to your partner in bed?

What part of your own body do you like the most?

Have you ever filmed yourself having sex?

Have you ever experimented with BDSM?

Describe your last shower fantasy.

Have you ever had sex in a public changing room?

What’s the sexiest dream you’ve ever had about a celebrity?

Have you ever used dating apps just for a one-night stand?

Name 10 body parts your partner likes to kiss.

Name 10 things you bought but never used or regretted buying.

If you could swap genders for an hour, what would you do?

What was the most awkward or embarrassing moment of your life?

Describe the weirdest dream you’ve ever had.

Who in this room would you swap lives with for a week?

What part of your appearance gets the most compliments?

What would you never do, even for all the money in the world?

What do you think your partner’s thoughts on marriage are?

What’s the craziest or funniest thing that’s happened to you in a supermarket?

How did you find out that Santa (or other characters) isn't real?

What question would you least like to answer in this group?

Have you ever broken the law (even something small)?

What fact about you might scare people off if they knew?

Do you keep a personal diary or journal?

What’s the most expensive thing you’ve accidentally or intentionally broken?

What would you do with two hours of total invisibility?

What do you enjoy licking the most (e.g., ice cream, lollipops)?

What’s the craziest thing you’ve ever done while naked?

At what age did you have your first real kiss?

What superpower would you want most of all?

What type of underwear do you usually prefer?

Describe yourself in exactly five words.

What was the worst date you’ve ever been on?

What’s the most unusual or weirdest place you’ve ever been?

What do you usually sleep in (pajamas, underwear, or nothing)?

What’s the craziest thing you’ve ever done while drunk?

What’s a talent you have that most people don’t know about?

What skill or talent would you want to master instantly?

Which celebrity would you like to have dinner with?

What’s one fact about you that no one here knows?

If you could live anywhere in the world for a year, where would it be?

What’s the best vacation or trip you’ve ever had?

What would you spend $1,000 on if you had to spend it today?

Do you still sleep with something special (a toy, pillow, or blanket)?

Have you ever faked being sick to stay home?

What’s a secret you still wouldn't tell your parents even now?

How much effort do you put into looking attractive and sexy?

What hairstyle or look have you wanted to try but lacked the courage?

Which part of your body are you most proud of?